feat: Explain colors in diff view DOCS-547 (#1705)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories/commits.md

## Diff tab

> The **Diff** tab displays the differences in each file that was changed in the {{ page.meta.page_name }}. The background of the lines that are different depend on the change:

Reviewer: Tweak for clarity:

```suggestion
The **Diff** tab displays the differences in each file that was changed in the {{ page.meta.page_name }}. The background of the changed lines depends on the change:
```

Author: Indeed, much better!

-   **Red**: Deleted line
-   **Yellow**: Old version of a changed line with deleted characters highlighted in red

> -   **Pale green**: New version of a changed line with added characters highlighted in bright green

Author: I'm thinking that maybe it's not worth distinguishing between "pale green/bright green" and we can have just "green/bright green" instead. What do you think?

```suggestion
-   **Green**: New version of a changed line with added characters highlighted in bright green
```

> -   **Yellow**: Original version of a changed line with the updated characters highlighted in red
> -   **Pale green**: New version of a changed line with the updated characters highlighted in bright green

Reviewer: If this behaves anything like the GitHub version (to me looks like it does after double-checking), I'd tweak as follows for clarity:

```suggestion
-   **Yellow**: Old version of a changed line with deleted characters highlighted in red
-   **Pale green**: New version of a changed line with added characters highlighted in bright green
```
